Mock service leveraging kuksa client lib (#88)
eclipse/kuksa.val.services: mock_service/README.md

```bash
./update-api-docs.sh
```

# What's not supported?
Any form of array support e.g no VSS datapoint that has DataType.*ARRAY. 

> If you set something not through mock it won't get pulled to the mock service. Instead use another behavior that listens to ACTUATOR_TARGET/VALUE and set it like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If values in Kuksa Databroker are modified outside of behaviors, the changes won't be picked up by the mock service. Instead try to model another behavior that listens to ACTUATOR_TARGET/VALUE and set it like this.
```
